feat: (macos) add vibrancy state parameter (#63)
amrbashir/tauri-plugin-vibrancy: .changes/state_control.md

---
"window-vibrancy": "minor"
---

> Expose vibrancy state control for macos, default is follow window active state.

Reviewer: Add a 3rd argument to `apply_vibrancy` to specify the vibrancy state, follows the window active state by default.

> Expose vibrancy state control for macos, default is follow window active state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a 3rd argument to `apply_vibrancy()` to control the vibrancy state, follows window active state by default.
```
